cleanup: docs (#5054)
iotaledger/iota: docs/content/about-iota/iota-architecture/iota-security.mdx

### Rewards for Validators and Stakers

Validators are incentivized through a constant inflation of 767,000 IOTA tokens per epoch. These tokens are distributed to validators and their delegators according to specific rules, such as the validator's commission rate and total stake. Transaction fees are burned and do not contribute to validator rewards. Users' staked tokens remain safe and cannot be taken away by validators or anyone else.

### Accountability and Rotation of Validators

Validators must be reliable and behave correctly, or they can be replaced. If validators try to censor transactions or act maliciously, they can be rotated out by the users. Users have a say in how the IOTA network evolves by choosing which validators to support and which protocol to follow via delegation to those validators.

## Addresses and Keys

> To operate on any owned assets on IOTA, you need to hold the corresponding private key. You must keep your private key secret to ensure no one can use your assets without your authorization. Even if all validators agreed to misbehave, they could not access your assets without the private key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To operate on any owned assets on IOTA, you need to hold the corresponding private key. You must keep your private key secret to ensure no one can use your assets without your authorization. Even if all validators agree to misbehave, they cannot access your assets without your private key.
```
